# Offensive Security Tools

## Notice

The project containing this file can be used for malicious activity and can be used to access, control, or modify systems without authorization. The author of this project holds no responsibilty for this malicious and unauthorized activity. This project is intended to be used for authorized activities to assist the improvement of defensive capabilities only.

However, this limit cannot be guaranteed by the author, so a list of methods of discovering and disabling this project are provided to help defensive capabilities against the of malicious use of the project's contents.

## Author Notes

This module is built to attempt to blend in with normal server traffic. The module name and URI used to access can be easily changed, so don't depend on it being called `mod_evil`.

## Static Detections

These detections involve the attributes of the project's contents or files created, compiled, or otherwise generated by the project. 

* A Yara signature for the compiled `.so` file is available in `mod_evil.yara`

## Network Defenses

## Host Defenses

* Keep a note of what modules you have enabled on the server (which should be the least possible for functionality). Watch for extra Apache modules loaded on a server that you didn't put there. 
* Enable things like Systemd's `PrivateTmp` (mostly to limit filesystem access), AppArmor, or SELinux to limit what the Apache process can do. (Based on my own experience, this can turn a backdoored server into a a useless gimic.)

## Disabling

To disable this project:

1. Remove the module's `.so` file from Apache HTTPD's module directory (This will change depending on the Linux distro. Reference documention for the system.) 
2. Restart Apache HTTPD